authz: set dummy provider to unblock GraphQL in OSS (#10258)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - GraphQL APIs are blocking forever in OSS version. [#3487](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/3487)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GraphQL APIs are no longer blocking forever in OSS version. [#3487](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/3487)
```

Author: I've been struggling with, should we describe the problem being fixed or the result of the fix under the **Fixed** section. It seems we're doing both in the CHANGELOG.

Reviewer: I'd ask @christinaforney or @sqs for direction here.

Reviewer 2: If you can do both succinctly, that is ideal, otherwise describing the result is the better choice (describe what changed, what is the new state).

In this case:

```suggestion
- In the OSS version of Sourcegraph, GraphQL APIs are no longer blocked due to /<WHY THEY WERE BLOCKED>. [#3487](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/3487)
```

Author: @christinaforney Thanks for the example, that's very helpful!

Author: ```suggestion
- In the OSS version of Sourcegraph, authorization providers are properly initialized and GraphQL APIs are no longer blocked. [#3487](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/3487)
```
